Add keepNames to esbuild options (#150)
geoffrich/svelte-adapter-azure-swa: README.md

### esbuildOptions

> An object containing additional [esbuild options](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#build-api). Currently only supports [external](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#external) and [keep-names](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#keep-names). If you require additional options to be exposed, plese [open an issue](https://github.com/geoffrich/svelte-adapter-azure-swa/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing additional [esbuild options](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#build-api). Currently only supports [external](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#external) and [keepNames](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#keep-names). If you require additional options to be exposed, please [open an issue](https://github.com/geoffrich/svelte-adapter-azure-swa/issues).
```

		...
		adapter: azure({
			esbuildOptions: {
				external: ['fsevents'],

> 				keepNames: [true, false]

Reviewer: Shouldn't this just be `keepNames: true` ?

Author: @geoffrich I don't know, honestly. My thinking is that this would give them the ability to exclusively set it to `false`, but maybe that's not applicable when by the time this flag gets to the cli (like `esbuild app.js --minify --keep-names`)

I'll concede to you; would you like me to change it?

Reviewer 2: I think Geoff's point is just that this code block is intended to give an example, not to list all the options. As an example, `keepNames: [true, false]` is probably wrong, because the `keepNames` option only accepts a single boolean from what I understand.

Author: @tlaundal It is, you're right. I didn't realize Geoff's comment was on the readme.md, so I just got super confused, sorry about that

Author: Resolving convo since this was in [1cee492](https://github.com/geoffrich/svelte-adapter-azure-swa/pull/150/commits/1cee49287deebff8415e681255f737355cf3e6d3)
